#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiohttp==3.9.5
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
attrs==23.2.0
    # via aiohttp
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via duckduckgo-search
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
duckduckgo-search==6.1.12
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via openai
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.2.7
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.2.12
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-openai==0.1.14
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.2.2
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.1.85
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
loguru==0.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
marshmallow==3.21.3
    # via dataclasses-json
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
openai==1.35.13
    # via langchain-openai
orjson==3.10.6
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
pydantic==2.8.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   runloop
pydantic-core==2.20.1
    # via pydantic
pyreqwest-impersonate==0.4.9
    # via duckduckgo-search
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
regex==2024.5.15
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   tiktoken
runloop==0.0.28
    # via -r requirements.in
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.31
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tiktoken==0.7.0
    # via langchain-openai
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via openai
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via requests
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
